No
hey
and
Yes
hey i am harry maas and today
I demonstrate the electro memory toy
harmonix
this is the smallest brother of the
memory men and the memory boy with the
typical well-known sound analogy sound
and I will read nothing
let's go through the check
empty goes from 30 to five 150
milliseconds
feedback determines the amount of repeats
the balance determines the delay policy
between the direct signal and the dinner
signal and the mat switch finally
adds modulation to the blank
pete's this is going to be a fixed
modulation you want more control than is
a memory boa from mammy men one
alternative choice
ok let's start with the clean
signal I stuff for yamaha pacifica
611 with simon roof and pick-ups
here is my bridge element
and my neck elements
ok i start with the memory adorn with
all controls in the middle okay bye
the minimum setting ended up slightly
to increase
you get a bit of a double effect
the lilies also lift him a little more
and
but
maximum delay
plant and resource position you already have
in your clinge signal so have a it
full read yes ok feedback
at least some
so on a repeat
maximum
goes the mammy tori also as they learn
ok the mat switch
that actually adds must later then
course effect in the lecture